Updating the README.md of the repo to include upcoming Data Flywheel Tutorials (#283)
NVIDIA/GenerativeAIExamples: README.md

## What's New?

### Data Flywheel with NeMo Microservices

> This tutorial demonstrates an end-to-end Data Flywheel implementation using NVIDIA NeMo Microservices, featuring tool-calling workflows with the NeMo Data Store, Entity Store, Customizer, Evaluator, Guardrails, and NIMs. 

Reviewer: "Data Flywheel" is jargon / product name.  When you first refer to "Data Flywheel", please link to somewhere that the reader can learn what data flywheel is such as a page that defines data flywheel or a product overview page about data flywheel.

> This tutorial demonstrates an end-to-end Data Flywheel implementation using NVIDIA NeMo Microservices, featuring tool-calling workflows with the NeMo Data Store, Entity Store, Customizer, Evaluator, Guardrails, and NIMs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates an end-to-end Data Flywheel implementation that uses NVIDIA NeMo Microservices. It features tool-calling workflows with the NeMo Data Store, Entity Store, Customizer, Evaluator, Guardrails, and NIMs. 
```

   docker compose down
   ``` 
      
## Data Flywheel

### Tool-calling Notebooks

> Tool calling empowers Large Language Models (LLMs) to integrate with external APIs, execute dynamic workflows, and retrieve real-time data beyond their training scope. The NVIDIA NeMo microservices platform offers a modular infrastructure for deploying AI pipelines—including fine-tuning, evaluation, inference, and guardrail enforcement—across Kubernetes clusters in cloud or on-premises environments. This end-to-end tutorial demonstrates how to leverage the NeMo Microservices platform for customizing [Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct) using the [xLAM](https://huggingface.co/datasets/Salesforce/xlam-function-calling-60k) function-calling dataset, assess its accuracy, and implement safety constraints to govern its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool calling empowers Large Language Models (LLMs) to integrate with external APIs, execute dynamic workflows, and retrieve real-time data beyond their training scope. The NVIDIA NeMo microservices platform offers a modular infrastructure for deploying AI pipelines that includes fine-tuning, evaluation, inference, and guardrail enforcement—across Kubernetes clusters in cloud or on-premises environments. This end-to-end tutorial demonstrates how to leverage NeMo Microservices to customize [Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct) by using the [xLAM](https://huggingface.co/datasets/Salesforce/xlam-function-calling-60k) function-calling dataset, assess its accuracy, and implement safety constraints to govern its behavior.
```

> Explore the accompanying [notebooks](./nemo/data-flywheel/tool-calling/README.md) to construct your own tool-calling LLM with NeMo’s enterprise-grade workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To construct your own tool-calling LLM with NeMo’s enterprise-grade workflows, explore the accompanying [notebooks](./nemo/data-flywheel/tool-calling/README.md).
```
